[NDM] Add netflow troubleshooting packet drops section (#23962)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/network_monitoring/devices/netflow.md

## Retention

NetFlow data is retained for 30 days by default, with options for 15, 30, 60, and 90 day retention.

<div class="alert alert-danger">To retain NetFlow data for longer periods of time, contact your account representative.</div>

## Troubleshooting

> ### Netflow Packet Drops

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### NetFlow packet drops
```

> Netflow packet drops can occur when there is a high number of Netflow packets per second, typically greater than 50,000. Here are some steps to identify and mitigate Netflow packet drops:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NetFlow packet drops can occur when there are a high number of NetFlow  packets per second, typically greater than 50,000. The following steps can help identify and mitigate NetFlow packet drops:
```

> #### Identifying Packet Drops

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Identifying packet drops
```

> You can use the netstat -s command to see if there are any dropped UDP packets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `netstat -s` command to see if there are any dropped UDP packets:
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: For these code samples you'll want to indent 4 spaces to the right so they land underneath the mitigation steps, I can help with that if you need!

netstat -s
```

> #### Mitigation Steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Mitigation steps
```

> **1. Increase the Number of Netflow Listeners**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**1. Increase the Number of NetFlow Listeners**
```

> You can increase the number of Netflow listeners by using a configuration similar to the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increase the number of NetFlow listeners by using a configuration similar to the following:
```

> We recommend setting the number of workers to match the number of CPU cores in your system:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog recommends setting the number of workers to match the number of CPU cores in your system:
```

```yaml
  netflow:
    enabled: true
    listeners:
      - flow_type: netflow9
        port: 2055
        workers: 4 # 4 CPUs
```

**2. Increase UDP Queue Length**

> Adjusting your system's UDP queue length can help accommodate the higher volume of Netflow packets. Increase the UDP receive buffer size to 25MB by executing the following commands:

Reviewer 2: Can you specify that this is for Linux only?

Author: Added in 8bd8371 good call

> Adjusting your system's UDP queue length can help accommodate the higher volume of Netflow packets. Increase the UDP receive buffer size to 25MB by executing the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adjusting your system's UDP queue length can help accommodate the higher volume of NetFlow packets. Increase the UDP receive buffer size to 25MB by executing the following commands:
```

```bash
sudo sysctl -w net.core.rmem_max=26214400
sudo sysctl -w net.core.rmem_default=26214400
```

> **3. Persisting the Configuration**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**3. Persisting the configuration**
```

> To make these changes permanent, add the following lines to your /etc/sysctl.conf file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make these changes permanent, add the following lines to your `/etc/sysctl.conf` file:
```
